All right I have opened up my pie chart ID so that we can start creating our project for art.
Yes.
So first time we're going to do of course to hear it create new project and from the create new project
screen I'm going to type in the name of my project as our D.S. instances.
All right.
And you can of course give it any name that you want for your project.
And of course for the environment for the Python interpreter I'm going to use my existing interpreter
and I'm not going to have any other ritual environment because simply I don't need it.
So I'm going to select my existing interpreter Python 3.6.
And if you don't have it displayed right here if you can't see it if you can't see your Python installation
you can always locate it with the environments from your computer.
And as you can see I have both Python 3 and Python 2.7.
So if you again don't have this displayed you can always go back and check out the python installation
section in this course so you can have your environment ready to be working with Already yes.
So if I just go back and hit create
here we go.
Our project is ridded to work with.
So the first thing that we're going to do is of course create a Python package.
So for doing that I'm going to hit on our D.S. instances and Right-Click actually and I'm going to create
a new Python package and I'm just going to name this Python package since this is going to be a source
directory which is going to be debased record for everything.
I'm going to give it as RC or source for short and I'm going to do it.
OK.
And as you can see I already have the initialiser pie so that it's indicating it's a Python package.
All right.
So to be a good utility class and to ease my way into implementing my client for RLDS for actually better
readability I'm going to have a client class just like I do with my other AWOS courses.
So for that purpose I'm going to now create a client locator class and within that client locator class
I'm going to implement my order yes and I'm going to get the reference from my RTX instance from there.
So I'm going to hit on New python file in my source directory Python package actually.
And I'm going to say client locator and maybe I can just say Klein factory.
All right since this is going to be producing me RLDS clients and I'm going to need this naming to better
understand my purpose.
So I'm going to hit OK.
And here we go we have our Klein factory class
and the first thing that we're going to do is of course import both of three since we're going to use
both of three for our client implementation.
We're going to have to import it.
So I now imported both of three.
So let's just go down and start implementing our Clyde factory class.
So class Klein factory and within that class I'm of course going to have an initialiser method.
So what I'm going to do now is def in it.
And within that initialiser method I'm going to be passing in a client for my art.
Yes.
So with the help of that client I'm going to say self-taught client is going to be both three client
and I'm going to receive a decline that I just passed into my initialiser method.
And as the argument to my both three Klein method I'm going to pass in region underscore name and then
I'm just going to say you west three.
All right.
And I'm just going to go down here and write down a get through method for my client.
So I'm going to say get a client and what this get client meth is simply going to do as it is going
to return me to.
DEADEYE just to clear it up there.
So I'm just going to say self-taught underscore client just like that.
So this is going to be returning me declined that I need for my RDL implementation.
So I'm just going to go down here to create underclasses.
Actually I just need just only one class for my RTX implementation.
So let's just say RLDS client and I'm just going to pass in the Cline factory and within the initialiser
method what I'm going to do is I'm going to say super It's because we're asking for Python to initialize
first the in if method.
All the Klein factory as you can see here that's why we're calling the super method.
And of course the initialiser method of this super And I'm just going to pass in the Ardie Yes.
So this yes argument is going to move past into my initialiser method and injected to the client argument.
And with that Klimt argument I'm going to be able to have a both or three client for our Yes.
And of course in the region of EU west three.
All right.
So that's everything we're going to have to do for our RLDS Klein factory.
So let's is put a line break here.
So our ID is not mad at us.
So this is basically all we have to do to implement RLDS for our next sections.
So as you can see it is really simple to get a client from both or three for our ideas or simply any
other client that you want.
And the next sections.
We're going to learn to discover the RLDS client implementations with Python.
So I'll be seeing you on the next video to learn more about it.